turn the clock back at least ten years
to an allegory for our DJ's career a
douchebag hoisted by his own petard at a
cave for the literal change of heart
British male Alexis chose not to fly
higher group sticks around but nocturnal
Empire evil ball dude is the first
mugger granted don't we get rewarded for
six through the credits filled - you
forgot this one banner in Brazil still
on the run watch an anger on his Fitbit
whoops Lea finds the pizza gnarly and
before it leaves the Fight Club whole
world's an on the iron man truth conquer
self is a steady fishing in his suit
lazy Winston hammer working together
Rhodey wears the armor ScarJo first
leather god of thunder as the next Ogawa
banished from the clouds to New Mexico
schools Portland on the magic looking
for his tool to save a couple rounds
only low-key dice hold you back in the
day a little twerp of Brooklyn juices up
gets better look and beaten up Nazis one
by one his duty calls free Santhosh but
is still left with poo balls and it
worked let's assemble the Avengers
shield hand pursuit arrows guns and a
temper fight each other first but it's
part of the stupid plan until they come
together puts the decimation superfan
well kick out the blue hue buckets up a
whirl or fight a bunch of aliens
standing in a circle get the WT Spanos
hands warm us so many things but that
was just a warm-up
Oh
the terror on the rise called the man to
reign except he's an actor just stand it
in for some glowy guy who pepper Rex
Tony blows up a suits for his future ex
rainbow road to the Cobble past stores
newest beau is the Chiefs wrath and
Buddy the elf with his humorless
experience save a couple realms to a
low-key dice serious
Sabri cancer this new friend Sam Shields
overseen by the Sundance man hydras in
the building and the baddies in the
goodies Murray was the same scar joke
was a hoodie follow you deep dark trail
of crumbs because the brainwashed killer
is missing Chum have attached and the
tussle but neither wants to end it now
I'm rethinking every one of my friend
shits up for you listen because we're
going to space he Holograms lasers a
deck for tapes cuppa tea Stella green
with a rodent industry and another hot
Chris who's shredded like cheese Prison
Break of Louisville Otto and Cruz avoid
space cops and run-in-jockey once again
it's friendship saving lives band
together like a more stable Jackson 5
Lobos fader and a body through a Jarvis
Thor takes a bath dinner party at the
Barton save a European town with a mute
Rooskies all this happened cuz 20 minute
walk yeah area rather than thugs like
meets Michael Douglas and now we love a
bug's life but without shrink it down
every time he almost dies everybody
knows what was way more qualified
Oh
or worse with Toni and Steve but the
real villain here is legalese Bucky off
the stark rants way back in 91 he may on
the metal arm Katniss divided killer
nicotine buddy a concept they know best
beat each other off like I should
pictures from my toy chest he's the kind
of cleared up but no one said Uncle rody
rehabs [ __ ] ass the jungle of
mystical rail where's Steve - transcends
overcome signatory for now - British
accent to mention tripping up finale on
repeat Bruce at your hit and rust is 3d
bunch of a-holes all with their own
rears still with a great soundtrack to
hear Peters daddy issues a kind of
resolve [ __ ] Ricky on do fairy prophets
y'all do spider-man actually a minor
once affection from his father previous
to design and learning how his body
works was enough a ferryboat beating up
the Paris of the worst case scenario
Orchestra comedy and actually delivers
runs into the Ruffalo and a pair of
scissors Goldblum asks for the movie in
his head then we save a couple well
Mikey still Moncton brand-new tech boa
statue costumes bumper with ads over the
discussion Charles was the world how his
country functions Wakanda forever am I
allowed to say that Ferris is purple
Lance got off the throne get involved as
long as you got the Stalin's all times
and faces in need of some saving bubbles
they keep all Steve Rogers from shaving
that was the marvels
the manic universe leading up to dinner
he wore yellow this recap reps follow
our Facebook page to walk and enjoy the
rest of b3 opens everything y'all want
it to be we'll see you next time
hello again guys click that box and left
to see another Marvel video or click the
Box on the right to see a different dog
video alright me and Nick you're gonna
go do some yoga and there we'll see you
again later
alright boy